# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

This project is a headstart on what should be a personal website showing different personal projects.

The files included are:
* **index.html**: The homepage. It includes a brief bio of the owner of the page. Thanks to the navbar on the top, one can navigate to the other parts of the website. It includes an image and a link within the text to one of the other pages, but most of the work is in the navbar. 

* **ultralearning.html**: The page of the first project of the page owner. It includes a definition of what ultralearning is and a table with the 9 principles of ultralearning. Only principle 1 and 2 offer links to their own content, but ideally they will all link to more expanded content on the principle. One can navigate to these two sections through the dropdown menu on the Navbar. It includes a "card" bootstrap component, a table and links (outside of the navbar) to two more html pages.

* **/Ultralearning/Metalearning.html**: Within the Ultralearning project, the first principle to be described is "Metalearning". This website is very basic and includes a "card" component. All links to go to the rest of created pages are in the Navbar.

* **/Ultralearning/Focus.html**: The second principle is "Focus". The website follows the same format as "metalearning.html" - has no interesting elements and all links are in the Navbar.

* **/assets/imgs/Foto.png**: Pic of the owner of the page, displayed on the homepage.

* **/assets/imgs/Ln.svg**: Small icon for the NavBar

* **/styles/styles.css**: CSS stylesheet generated by sass from the .scss equivalent

* **/styles/styles.scss**: Sass file for styling.

* **/styles/styles.css.map**: File automatically generated by Sass to create the final .css file

* **Readme.md**: This file :)
